Write 4.x upgrade note (#49)
yann-eugone/enum-bundle: UPGRADE-4.x.md

## Changes made in `EnumInterface`

> - `Yokai\EnumBundle\EnumInterface::getChoices` must now return enum label as the array keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Yokai\EnumBundle\EnumInterface::getChoices` must now return the enum labels as keys of the array.
```

- `Yokai\EnumBundle\EnumInterface::getValues` was introduced 
  and must return all possible enum values.
- `Yokai\EnumBundle\EnumInterface::getLabel` was introduced 
  and must return the associated label of any provided enum value.

## Changes made in enum base classes

- `Yokai\EnumBundle\AbstractTranslatedEnum` was removed, 
  you can now extend `Yokai\EnumBundle\TranslatedEnum` and provide values as constructor argument.
- `Yokai\EnumBundle\ConfigurableTranslatedEnum` was removed, 
  you can now extend `Yokai\EnumBundle\TranslatedEnum` instead.
- `Yokai\EnumBundle\Enum` was introduced, 
  you can now extend this class and provide choices and names as constructor arguments (recommended).

> ## Changes made other classes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Changes made to other classes
```
